---
layout: default
title: Testimonials
permalink: /testimonials/
---

# Client Testimonials

<div class="client-testimonial"><!--base32-41mpwwv5e9u20ub6e9gput90-base32--><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor Nino and his team was once again wonderful and such a professional to work with! This is our second time he has guided our family in the home process, except this time we were the sellers. Many things stood out to us while working with him. From the beginning he suggested Gina to help stage our home to optimize our profits (which we got asking price), he was calm and collected when dealing with the buyers realtor and our own stress, and when our personal cleaning service was a no show he swooped in with his own person and got the job done! He was able to make the deal happen and be there every step of the way! We are incredibly grateful and look forward to using Victor and his stellar team again during our home buying process soon!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Natasha Rae Villegas</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>I chose Victor Nino to list and sell my home because of his reputation for selling homes quickly and getting asking price or above. He and his team of real estate professionals were friendly and responsive whenever I had questions or when issues arose during the sales process. They made my home stand out from the competition by staging it and taking professional photos after providing tips on painting and renovating it. In addition, he went out of his way to make life easier on me due to my busy work schedule by including a home cleaning and landscaping session. All of this made my home even more appealing during showings and walkthroughs. I was happy with the end results after selling my home for asking price within the expected time frame. I would highly recommend him to any friends and family members looking to buy or sell a home in the greater Austin area!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Seth Escobedo</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Our family worked with Victor and his team on 3 occasions, in the capacity of both buyer and seller. You will not find a more driven, professional, and courteous team anywhere! Not only are they always available when you need them, they will worker harder than anyone to sell your home or help you purchase a new one, and get fast, amazing results, even where others have been unable to do so. We have trusted them with our friends and they gave them the same results and treatment as they gave us. Why hire just a realtor when you can hire a team of professionals who will treat you like family? From staging to closing, they've got you covered. When you are buying, no one will work harder to get you the right deal. Call them today!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Jennifer Hampton Lavoie</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>We were thankful to have worked with Victor and his team on helping us find (and close on!) our very first home. From the very beginning, he was just on top of EVERYTHING. He was patient, kind, and most off all listened to what we needed. He was always available and guided us in the right direction. If you are thinking of buying or selling a house, I'd definitely recommend him!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Nancy Perez Rodriguez</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>If you and your family are looking for a home to buy or sell then look no further. I would like to share our story about how Victor Ni&ntilde;o and his team helped me and my wife sell our home.</p><p>We bought a home in New Braunfels, in 2005 but moved later that year for a job offer in Washington State. We rented our home to various tenants but with the distance between here and Texas, it became too difficult to manage. Our last tenant notified us that they were moving out and my wife and I decided that it was time to quit being out of state landlords. We contacted Victor and he accepted us as clients immediately and began assisting us with a plan to sell our house. The last tenant left the house in a less than desirable condition and this area is one that my wife and I feel makes Victor and his team so special. Ms. Blanca Monarrez Fematt began assisting us with locating expert home cleaners, painting and lawn care professionals, as well as a highly recommended carpet installation expert. Another area that we feel allowed us to get our asking price was the outstanding home staging provided by Gina Ross. The home looked amazing! I couldn't believe that this was our home. It looked like it was staged for a magazine photo shoot. The professional photographer was great and did excellent work. With all of the great work done by these professionals our home was under contract within 3 weeks!</p><p>Another area that also made us feel at ease was his constant open line of communication. Living out of state and having a 2 hour time difference, we had many questions. Victor and Blanca always took the time out of their busy schedules to call us back and put us at ease, no matter how silly our question.</p><p>To me and my wife, this is the type of assistance that made the whole process that much easier and why we will recommend Victor and the Keller Williams team to anyone that is selling or buying a home or property across the country.</p><p>We are lucky and extremely proud to be a part of the Victor Ni&ntilde;o, Keller Williams family of friends.</p><p>#convertingclientsintofreinds</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Robert and Ruby McHaney</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor has helped us now with one sale and two home purchases. What impressed us most is his ability to negotiate well yet not jeopardize the buyer/seller. Also, it isn't just Victor...he has a team that includes other realtors as well as an office manager/loan coordinator. Indeed, a true real estate professional!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Joe Grubbs</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>I have known Victor Ni&ntilde;o for over 10 years. My wife and I recently used him to list our house in Pflugerville. He had a person clean our house from top to bottom and she got the oven as clean as when we moved in. Victor kept me informed at all times during the process and never ignored my requests. I am in the mortgage business and I know how unusual that is. Our house sold in less than 24 hours on the market. Victor is also helping us on the home we are building in Travisso. The day we decided to get serious with the builder I texted Victor and he drove in early from South Texas to meet us on a Sunday night. I have in the past and will in the future recommend Victor to anyone looking at buying, selling or renting a house. I felt like we were his top priority at all hours of the day.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Michael Hudson</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor Ni&ntilde;o is the best Realtor we have ever used to help us buy or sell a property. Victor Ni&ntilde;o's service is unmatched. He is highly dependable and gets the job done. He makes sure the process flows smoothly from day one to the closing date. We highly recommend choosing Victor Ni&ntilde;o as your Realtor. Jesus and Griselda Gonzalez</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Jesus Gonzalez</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Last year, I was fortunate enough to sit next to Victor at a Chinese restaurant. Not only did it make for great conversation, he helped me purchase my first condo. I knew absolutely nothing about buying, but he sat down with me and made the process painless. We met numerous times; my price range was low, but he treated me like I was buying a million dollar home. The condo he helped me find was amazing! It fit my budget and was in a wonderful location. I can't say enough for the service I was provided and the friendship we built. Victor for sure will be my only representative!!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Anthony Chen</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor was recommended to me by a friend and I couldn&rsquo;t of been happier. I&rsquo;m a first time home buyer so I wasn&rsquo;t very familiar with the steps needed to buy a home. Victor helped me from the beginning to the end and still contacted me after I closed to see how things were going in the new home. Our initial meeting Victor tried to feel out my likes and dislikes to better the house hunting search. I never felt pressured to make any decision and he was always waiting for me to tell him when I was ready to check out a house. He was available 24/7 for anything that I needed, this shows the dedication and passion he has to serving you and getting you what you want.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Nick McNamara</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor &amp; Diego helped me purchase my home last September and as I&rsquo;m nearing my anniversary in this house I couldn&rsquo;t be happier. They were both so willing to show me around anytime I asked and if one of them couldn&rsquo;t, they would make sure someone from their team did. We were also easy customers (I&rsquo;d like to think). We knew exactly what we wanted, why and around where. Adding their knowledge made our process a breeze.</p><p>Buying a home is a multi year proposition that shouldn&rsquo;t be taken lightly so I took it upon myself to search the best lender. Of course they made recommendations and I used their contacts but when it came time to see who offered me the best deal, both Diego and V&iacute;ctor reviewed all documents to see which one would help me the most and laid out clearly so that we could made the most educated decision.</p><p>I also want to highlight that this year as we were nearning our one year, we did a warranty inspection (bought new) and the guy (which Victor recommended) said we didn&rsquo;t have to be home. Well I happened to be here and he reminded me that Diego was at the property when he inspected the house last year. I remember I was out of town and even though no one had to be at the property (at that time empty still) they made sure to be present. They had already closed our deal and didn&rsquo;t have to do that but they did because they CARE!</p><p>I&rsquo;m happy to say that now Victor is helping me sell my other home and he will be helping me find my parents another one too. Give this guy and his team your business and you&rsquo;ll be happy you did.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Michelle Uribe</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor is a great man who is very trustworthy. I'm so glad he was the realtor I picked during my home buying process. He is now my good friend of mine and I'd recommend him to anyone interested in real estate.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Jesus Rendon</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>The experience with Victor was awesome! From the beginning to end he was always in contact with us. He didn't make us feel like a customer, he made us feel like we were great friends( till this day we still are, even after the sale). I would highly recommend him and his team if you want the best of the best.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- David Fenton</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor Ni&ntilde;o is one of the most professional Realtors I have met in my 20 year real estate finance career. He is a man of integrity and keeps his word... he does what he says he is going to do!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Frank Fuentes</p><hr /><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Victor and his team helped me find and buy the perfect home this year. The team was always very responsive and knowledgeable. It was a great experience working with such a professional and friendly group!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Daisy Cantu-Morin</p><hr />
<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Gracias es una palabra tan pequena pero de un gran singnificade para mi. Gracias por estar en el momento preciso y por ayudarme a alcanzar el sueno do Sammy y mio, de tener nuestra casita. Gracias por tu paciencia, por tus preciados consejos, por tu generoso apoyo; y recuerda que Sammy y yo siempre te daremos la bienvenida a nuestra casita, la que tu nos ayudastes a encontrar. Mil gracias. Apater de ser un super amigo eres un gran realty.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Bethzalie Galarraga</p><hr />
<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Thank you Victor Niño and Monica for helping me through the process of buying my home. He has guided me in every step of the way to buy my first and now my second home. Both times have had great deals. He is a closer for sure! Looking forward to working with him in the near future.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Berenice Donham</p><hr />
<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>As a young first time home buyer, I was very excited but nervous about buying a home. After having bad luck with a realtor who had little experience in the Austin area, I was referred to Victor and his team by one of my best friends. It was then that they sat me down and explained the entire home buying process step by step. While Victor and I chatted about the process, Monica was on the phone with sellers agent to make appointments to see homes. After they gave me an overview of the work we would be doing, we immediately went to see properties. Their experience and passion shine bright! They walked me through the process with ease, were ALWAYS available to assist in whatever way they could, and had an open line of communication with me. On top of being PHENOMENAL at what they do, they took care of me as if I was their family. They are great realtors with an abundance of experience and hearts to match! I'm thankful I found a team of realtors so early in my real estate journey, as I couldn't imagine trusting anyone else!
</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Kristal Espitia</p><hr />
<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p>Words cannot express how grateful I am for everything that Victor Niño has done for us with our new home. He has been there through thick and thin and has never left our side, Please know that I am extremely blessed for not only a great realtor, but a great friend. Victor didn't have to do what he did, but he is truly an amazing and caring person.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32-->- Daisy Cantu-Morin</p><hr />






